welcome to episode of new OB towards a
going to walk you around and found some
pretty awesome item something that's not
so special but it was pretty cheap and
pretty awesome Girls Generation music CD
and DVD so there you are you in for this
I thought you the plastic is off because
before the lady gave it to me she open
it and make sure that the cds did not
have scratches on them both pretty good
price for a full CD and DVD we don't
know girls generation it's a korean kpop
music group paper overture which shows
progress on the music that's on you okay
so doesn't have much music it's got the
single and it's got the DVD but still
100 yen pretty good rice then we've got
the cover where everything's inside now
this is the back again so it's exactly
the same as the paper i just showed you
we open it up we've got took a coupon
was retaken whatever that was for your
photo or sticker I look like a sticker
same picture one more time it's one
sticker pretty awesome there's some type
of access card oh yeah I'll talking
about the lyrics pretty awesome and
we've got the two cds with the one which
is a CD and one is a DVD of actual song
so pretty awesome for 101 members chunky
i'm not sure this one's maybe 200 yen
and the other one I got is probably
hundreds in I bought two different ones
and I no one was 100 year 10 to 200 but
photography and this is pretty cheap so
pretty cool that's one of the things I
got I think this is the one I got for
100 yen it's also girls generation i
can't play the music unfortunately
because if you do i play it as it what's
this one called it's just called oh so
girls generation ogon youtube check it
out again listen to the music so you has
another one and this one comes with of
course the CD i think it also comes with
a DVD as well yeah there's one as I can
and Regina I go it's got the lyrics
pretty awesome so it looks like the back
the front this one comes with like a
newspaper so that's pretty cool of their
live shows if it's like it well like a
big poster ready awesome and it's got
the different girls some information
about them it looks like a first you got
the girls yeah some other things over
there there's also English which is
pretty cool because I pictures from
everything video quite nice and then
people who like girls generation will be
really excited to get the hands of
something like this body and hydrogen
the reason why I was so cheap is because
mostly everything's going digital now
people don't really care but I mean
physical copies so let me know if you
enjoyed this video if you did if you
know the Comments tab you know if you
did let me know in the comments down
below but anyway then torch is episode
are you will be nobody to subscribe of
course comment and some Mexicans dead
killed him the body stay if we can i
swing to him and then whoa awesome
cutting from behind yes we can awesome